# Calculator
The Python programming language is a great tool to use when working with numbers and evaluating mathematical expressions. This quality can be utilized to make useful programs. Calculators work best when a human provides equations for the computer to solve. We’ll start writing our program at the point where the human enters the numbers that they would like the computer to work with. To do this, we’ll use Python’s built-in input() function that accepts user-generated input from the keyboard. Inside of the parentheses of the input() function we can pass a string to prompt the user. We’ll assign the user’s input to a variable. For this program, we would like the user to input two numbers, so let’s have the program prompt for two numbers. When asking for input, we should include a space at the end of our string so that there is a space between the user’s input and the prompting string. In this program, we ask the user to choose an operation. Options a, s, m, v, and q are valid. If any other input is given, invalid input is displayed and the loop continues until a valid option is selected. Two numbers are taken and an if.. elif.. else branching is used to execute a particular section. User- defined functions add(), subtract(), multiply(), divide(), and average() to evaluate respective operations and display the output. I guess if there was a single “obvious” way to build a calculator in Python, it would be to use conditional branching. The basic steps are:                                                                                                                                                            Ask the user for input Conditionally select an operation based on the operator chosen Perform the calculation using the selected operator Print the result
